Few ways for Web Accessibility:

    The goal of web accessibility is to remove all barriers that can hinder a person’s ability to access, navigate, or understand content on the Internet. Here are 10 tips you can follow to build or maintain an accessible website:

    1.Use a CMS that supports accessibility
    When building a website, choose a content management system (CMS) that supports web accessibility. Be sure that page layouts, themes, widgets, plugins, and other aspects are compatible with web accessibility standards such as WCAG 2.0.

    2. Structure and organize with headers

    Headers are a great resource that, when used correctly, structure and organize content on a webpage. This allows all users to easily navigate your web pages, and even improve your SEO score making it easier for you to generate more traffic to your site.

    3. Assign alt tags for images

    Images on a webpage provide great value to users. Nonetheless, they can create barriers for users with limited or impaired vision. Therefore, assigning alt tags to images will provide a description of the images allowing users to understand the image through the use of a screen reader. Alt tags also contribute to a higher SEO score on Google.

    4. Use descriptive title for links

    Using descriptive titles for links will make it easier for those who rely on screen readers to navigate your website to understand the purpose of the link and where they will be redirected.

    5. Use colors carefully

    Colors can help your users easily distinguish different sets of information. However, color blindness and other disabilities can make it difficult for users to find information, call-to-action buttons, or other aspects when developers fail to maintain a proper contrast of colors. To check the contrast of colors on your site, add the Google Chrome extension, I want to see like the colour blind. 

    6. Design forms for web accessibility

    When designing online forms, it is important to properly label text fields with a descriptive title so people who rely on screen readers can properly complete the forms. Using label tags or an ARIA property will increase the accessibility of your web forms

    7. Use tables for tabular data

    When tables are used for page layout purposes, users that rely on screen readers can face extra difficulties in understanding the content. This is due to the fact that the content may be read in a way that does not match the visual order of the page. As an alternative, use a CSS presentation, not a table, to structure the layout of a web page.

    8. Ensure site navigation via a keyboard

    A major part of web accessibility is ensuring barrier-free navigation for millions of users with motor function and vision difficulties. As a result, verify that your website can be fully navigated using the tab and arrow keys or alternative hardware such as a mouth stick or single-switch input.

    9. Turn dynamic content into accessible content

    When embedding videos or gifs into your website, it is important to provide closed captions and text alternatives for users with hearing or visual impairments. Additionally, use ARIA properties when content on a webpage is added or updated without having to refresh the page, which will ensure that screen readers become aware of the new content.

    10. Validate web accessibility

    Validating your website through accessibility testing is an important step in the process of uncovering any bugs or design flaws that prevent people with disabilities from accessing your site and its content. 