What are the Features of HTML 5
    The following are the top 10 features of HTML5 that make it a popular language for website development.

    1) Nav Tag:
        The <nav> tag helps in defining a set of navigation links. It helps create a section of a website that contains navigation links (within the current document or to another document). A few examples of navigation links are the table of contents and indexes.

    2) Audio & Video Tag:
         With Audio and Video tags, developers can embed videos or audio into their websites. For styling the video tag, developers can use CSS and CSS3.

    3) Header:
        The <header> element in HTML5 contains introductory content. It can include a set of introductory or navigational support on a website. Typically, the header element contains heading elements, logo or icons, a search form, author’s information, etc.

    4) Footer:
        The <footer> tag defines the footer of a document or a section. Typically, the footer contains information related to the author, copyright, contact information, sitemap, related documents, back to top links, etc. There can be more than one footer element in one document.

    5) Figure and Figcaption:
        These elements help users to insert an image with its caption. The figcaption tag is used to add a description for the image.

    6) Canvas Tag:
        The canvas tag in HTML5 helps users draw graphics or images on the fly using JavaScript. We can use it for drawing paths, boxes, circles, adding images, etc. The canvas tag has two attributes: width and height for setting the width and height of the canvas.

    7) Mark:
        The <mark> element highlights a particular text that is of special interest to the user in an HTML document.

    8) Main Tag:
        This tag defines the important content of the <body> of a document

    9) Progress Tag:
        The progress tag helps users check the progress of a task during the execution. Users will need to define the dynamically changing values of the progress bar with the scripts (JavaScript).

    10) Section Tag:
        The <section> element defines specific sections and subsections in the document.
    
